# Working Title

The bookstore, for myself as a kid, had their opening in the suburb where I grew up and when I walked in their that day there were no shelves because the tables they used held their books until the furniture arrived. The other day, for myself as an adult, the most recent book made me browse the rest of the store before I was allowed to take it home. The register rang up what I could afford and that was the moment I knew it was special. Science Fiction was alright mostly, but not to imply any favoritism, the movie is a longer read compared to the book version of _2001 a space odyssey_. This is to say that after the first sentence my life was never the same. The novel, by Arthur C. Clarke, taught me something that we may never see the entire picture of because how could we? The format could have been what allowed me to get enough of a glimpse regarding what is required for a turning point along the path we move.

In the land on earth, as it appears through a lens, played a scene with an object that eventually made another appearance when humans explored the dark side of the moon. Those two locations in space were bent in a way that set the pace for this progress I imagined as my interpretation settled at the end of the chapter. The author found a way to send his signal and I found a way to catch that wind.

The novel describes a pair of objects that balance both ends of the copy I found on the shelf that day, but in my room it was not long before those words described a transition in time when a mirror reflected another mirror and together the two then contained all the entropy that still waits for life to make the waves on the waters of earth. The second time on the moon the object brought closure to a moment that, below the surface, was two realities that joined a pair of characters as two humans in exploration.

Clarke's novel joined the club of authors who sit on a bookshelf of the collection of all my books that were never finished to the end. For _2001_, The lunar object was this seam that joined two realities: one on earth and the other side was some location beyond the moon. If the movements of those three locations are easy enough to visualize, then an interest in the way they might project another shape as a silhouette the system might have from a light pointed at the sun from another star.

The brilliance continued for me with empathy when the character on earth sat to wonder about the discovery. Those terrestrial thoughts signaled an arc of the lightning in the clouds that delivered a new understanding regarding my resulting perception of the interventions of our reality that seems to be created by the mind of our species.


...

If our art has an identity then the quickest way to show this is in difference and always something else.

One sentence is not bad, but that is also just a jk tossed into the wire like a read receipt. Would that be like flying a kite? If there is wind enough of an excuse to tie a string to a metal key and, though the wire, the auto tiller of your mind that will see other strings. They are on your sail for something that distraction does the best job to describe a a new moment, but still lacks a complete definition. The Dictionary is safe because we can just call the distraction love because what else could be leading your faith?

How many much can you draw from an idea? How easy is it to resist the obvious favoritism in the space other than the location of your preference? The idea here is that you, myself, nor the reader will see the distraction. What about the fishing pole? Aside from what is fished, is the sea not glimmering an infinite amount of chimes of light that are infinitely different from an infinite number of spaces? This should suggest that the absurdity in expecting anything outside the space of the artistic identity is one and two is found in now turning to see the remainder. What is outside the artistic identity other than the way you will describe them to each other? What if the idea of the last question was only possible by the game of catch or something digital like two mirrors in attention of each other.

If we cannot draw a blank on paper, then is the blank you are drawing in your mind just like mine at the moment. I feel like Forrest Gump right now when he just decided to stop running all over the place. May I suggest that the, lol, has something to be said about its similarity of the same moment that measured a marathon?

lol, can be the word to represent the arbitrary decision you will make that that is something only found within beauty. Moving to discredit the notion of chance, will be in two acts, then.
